{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f4\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\info
{\author f c}}\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1134\margr1134\margb1134\margt1134\vieww19980\viewh13260\viewkind0
\deftab709
\pard\pardeftab709

\f0\fs20 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab709\qc

\b \cf0 Instructions for compiling Moldeo in Mac OSX\
\pard\pardeftab709

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab709\qc
\cf0 You must know your admin password.\
\pard\pardeftab709
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab709\qc

\b \cf0 10.4\
Tiger\
\pard\pardeftab709

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab709\li720\fi-360\ri-5

\b \cf0 1.	
\b0 From OSX CD installation install 
\b XCode
\b0  package, if you don't have it, sign in and download it from: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developer.apple.com/technology/xcode.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs24 \cf2 \ul \ulc0 http://developer.apple.com/technology/xcode.html}} , after registration.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab709\li1080\fi-360\ri-5
\cf0 1.	
\f0 Install all SDKs!!!!! including 10.3.9 (important for FreeImage)\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab709\li720\fi-360\ri-5

\b \cf0 2.	
\b0 Install 
\b Fink
\b0  ,  from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.finkproject.org/download/index.php"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs24 \cf2 \ul \ulc0 http://www.finkproject.org/download/index.php
\f2 \uc0\u8232 
\f3 http://www.finkproject.org/download/index.php}}for OSX 10.5: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/fink/Fink-0.9.0-Intel-Installer.dmg?download"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs24 \cf2 \ul \ulc0 http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/fink/Fink-0.9.0-Intel-Installer.dmg?download
\f2 \uc0\u8232 
\f3 http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/fink/Fink-0.9.0-Intel-Installer.dmg?download}}for OSX 10.4: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/fink/Fink-0.8.1-Intel-Installer.dmg?download"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs24 \cf2 \ul \ulc0 http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/fink/Fink-0.8.1-Intel-Installer.dmg?download
\f2 \uc0\u8232 
\f3 http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/fink/Fink-0.8.1-Intel-Installer.dmg?download}}
\f1 \

\f0\b 3.	Autoupdate: \uc0\u8232 
\i\b0 fink
\b  
\b0 selfupdate
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab709
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab709\li720\fi-360\ri-5

\b \cf0 4.	Update files
\b0 : Open a terminal window and run: \uc0\u8232  
\i fink update-all
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab709
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab709\li720\fi-360\ri-5

\b \cf0 5.	Install SVN: Open the Fink Packages and run Fink Commander (the GUI to access Fink)\uc0\u8232  Search for \'93svn-client\'94 and boton right \'93Binaries>Install\'94\
\pard\pardeftab709
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab709\li720\fi-360\ri-5
\cf0 6.	Install Neon 26 sources :\uc0\u8232 With Finder go to /sw/src/ and double click the source file Neon 26.tar.gz...\u8232 Then o a terminal window type:\u8232 	
\i cd /Users/yourname/Desktop/Neon-26XXXX\uc0\u8232 	../configure \'96with-ssl\u8232  	make\u8232  	sudo make install
\i0 \
7.	now you can download Moldeo from SVN\uc0\u8232 in a terminal run:\u8232  	
\i\b0\fs24 svn co https://moldeo.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/moldeo/trunk moldeo/trunk
\f1\i0\fs20 \
\pard\pardeftab709

\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab709\li720\fi-360\ri-5

\b \cf0 8.	Install wxMac from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wxWidgets.org/"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs24 \cf2 \ul \ulc0 www.wxWidgets.org}}
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab709

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Download source code and uncompress
\f1\fs20 \
\pard\pardeftab709

\f0 \cf0 In source folder, run\uc0\u8232 	
\i\fs24 mkdir buidmonostatic
\f1\i0\fs20 \
\pard\pardeftab709

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 cd buidmonostatic\uc0\u8232 ./configure \'96-with-opengl \'96-disable-shared \'96-enable-monolithic \'96-disable-debug\u8232 make\u8232 sudo make install
\f1\i0\fs20 \
\pard\pardeftab709

\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab709\li720\fi-360\ri-5

\b \cf0 9.	Download from CVS: wxArt2D\uc0\u8232 \u8232 sudo 
\b0\fs24 cvs -d:server:anonymous@wxart2d.cvs.sourceforge.net:/cvsroot/wxart2d login
\f1\fs20 \
\pard\pardeftab709

\f0\b \cf0 	
\b0\fs24 <enter your root pass : return>
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\b 	
\b0\fs24 <return a second time>
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\b 	
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab709\li720\fi-360\ri-5

\f0\b \cf0 10.	Compiling LIBMOLDEO\
\pard\pardeftab709
\cf0 	with Fink install binaries and sources:\
\pard\pardeftab709

\b0 \cf0 	\
		sdl\
		sdl-net\
		sdl-image\
		\
		glew\
		lua51\
		lua51-dev\
\
		cvs\
		boost-jam\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab709\li720\fi-360\ri-5

\b \cf0 11.	Download BOOST from svn\
\pard\pardeftab709
\cf0 		svn co {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://svn.boost.org/svn/boost/trunk"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\fs24 \cf2 \ul \ulc0 http://svn.boost.org/svn/boost/trunk}} boost-trunk
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 		mkdir boost-build-osx\
		bjam \'96build-dir=boost-build-osx --target=gcc\
\pard\pardeftab709

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab709

\f0\b \cf0 		o\
		./configure \'96with-libraries=filesystem,regex,system,thread,date_time		\
\pard\pardeftab709

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab709\li720\fi-360\ri-5

\f0\b \cf0 12.	In terminal run: \
\pard\pardeftab709
\cf0 fink install gstreamer-0.10\
\pard\pardeftab709\ql\qnatural
\cf0 fink install gstreamer-0.10-dev
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab709

\f4\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab709\li720\fi-360\ri-5

\f0 \cf0 13.	Download muparser from sourceforge\
\pard\pardeftab709
\cf0 untar\
\pard\pardeftab709\ql\qnatural
\cf0 mkdir build-osx\uc0\u8232 cd build-osx
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b ../configure --prefix=/sw
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b make\uc0\u8232 sudo make install\u8232 
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab709\li720\fi-360\ri-5

\f0\b \cf0 14.	Download ftgl from sourceforge\
\pard\pardeftab709
\cf0 untar\
\pard\pardeftab709\ql\qnatural
\cf0 mkdir build-osx\uc0\u8232 cd build-osx
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b ../configure --prefix=/sw
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b make\uc0\u8232 sudo make install
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab709

\f4\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab709

\f0 \cf0 exporting pkg-config PATH to find freetype2 version\
export PKG_CONFIG_PATH=/sw/libs/freetype219/libs/pkgconfig\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab709\li720\fi-360\ri-5
\cf0 15.	ODE download src\
\pard\pardeftab709
\cf0 ./configure\uc0\u8232 make\u8232 sudo make install\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab709\li720\fi-360\ri-5
\cf0 16.	Download Nviida CG toolkit from nvidia site for MACOSX\uc0\u8232 Install package\u8232 \
17.	Download FreeImage from sourceforge\uc0\u8232 \u8232 make -f Makefile.osx\u8232 make install\u8232 \
18.	
\f4 \

\f0 19.	
\f4 \

\f0 20.	
\f4 \

\f0 21.	
\f4 \

\f0 22.	
\f4 \

\f0 23.	
\f4 \

\f0 24.	
\f4 \

\f0 25.	
\f4 \

\f0 26.	
\f4 \

\f0 27.	Updating and Commiting with SVN in OSX\
\pard\pardeftab709
\cf0 \uc0\u8232 svn update\u8232 export SVN_EDITOR=vi\
\pard\pardeftab709\ql\qnatural
\cf0 svn commit \'96-encoding UTF-8 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab709\li720\fi-360\ri-5

\f0\b \cf0 28.	
\f4 \

\f0 29.	
\f4 \

\f0 30.	
\b0 \
}